feat: add public flag to marketplace list (#148)
mia-platform/miactl: docs/30_commands.md

#### Synopsis

> List the Marketplace items that the current user can access.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List the Marketplace items that the current user can access. 
```

#### Synopsis

List the Marketplace items that the current user can access.  
This command allows you to view items in the Marketplace with various filters:

*   Specify a `companyId` to view all Marketplace items for a specific company.
*   Use the `--public` flag to list only the available public Marketplace items from any company.

> *   If both `--company-id` and `--public` are provided, the command will prioritize the `--public` flag, listing public Marketplace items and ignoring the `--company-id` flag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*   If both `--company-id` and `--public` are provided, the command will make the `--public` flag prevail, listing public Marketplace items and ignoring the `--company-id` flag.
```

Reviewer 2: @pmarchini I would put this last recommendation not as a bullet point, but as an additional comment under the previous two, and introduce the sentence with something like "Be careful, if...."
